# 06-03-26_C2559

[0:00:00] So on the agenda today, we got another onboarding call.
[0:00:07] On the agenda today, we got another onboarding call.
[0:00:17] It is Wednesday, June 3rd, and on the agenda today, we have yet another onboarding call with our new creative strategist, Shelby.
[0:00:25] It is day three of onboarding, and she's already so good.
[0:00:28] It's like you kind of understand after talking to people from a couple calls what their competency is and how quick they'll excel in a role.
[0:00:37] And it's very clear to me after these first couple days that she's going to crush just like true A-player energy.
[0:00:44] And so excited to get through the rest of this week.
[0:00:48] Today, specifically during the onboarding call, we're going through all things creator-related,
[0:00:51] so how our creator culture works, escalations, positivity, all these other things that we have embedded within Trend.
[0:00:58] Okay.
[0:00:58] So we're going to start with our product, which is our product, which is our product.
[0:00:58] So we're going to start with our product, which is our product.
[0:00:59] This is what we're going to be going through.
[0:01:00] And then I have our daily ops sync at 12.
[0:01:03] That's a call with our product slash ops team.
[0:01:09] So making changes in our tech, figuring out how we can track things better,
[0:01:14] and really just build a better experience for everyone.
[0:01:16] Working out Trendify and obviously our clients as well.
[0:01:19] And then the rest of the day is just filming straight, probably like six hours of film.
[0:01:23] We're going to start with filming podcasts, probably going to get two to three pumped out.
[0:01:27] I'm going to get...
[0:01:28] And this is news to my videographer, my creative director.
[0:01:31] So he's like, oh, really?
[0:01:33] Behind the camera.
[0:01:34] But we're going to start with podcasts.
[0:01:37] So we're going to record those long-form YouTube style.
[0:01:40] Probably going to post them on YouTube too, maybe get some somewhat nice edits.
[0:01:43] I don't expect them to do well at all, but it's like that audience, it's just that ripple effect.
[0:01:48] Even if I get like five young entrepreneurs to watch my content, I know that I've made a mark.
[0:01:54] And I've shared what I can learn with all the people that might need it.
[0:01:57] Because I was once...
[0:01:58] I was that young entrepreneur and I still am to this day.
[0:02:01] And then we're going to film some shorts and just really game plan the next couple of weeks slash months.
[0:02:07] And I'm going to wrap up by cleaning my apartment, which I definitely have to do.
[0:02:12] I've got to do dishes and make my kitchen look a little bit nicer, run the Roomba.
[0:02:16] And might have some friends over to watch game one of the NBA Finals today.
[0:02:20] Go Knicks, baby.
