# 06-04-26_C2588

[0:00:00] Ready when you are.
[0:00:08] This is stuff no one shows you, but today I was supposed to be doing a lot of deep work.
[0:00:12] I was supposed to make a deck for tomorrow's team call.
[0:00:14] I was supposed to work on our creator roster.
[0:00:16] I was supposed to do a trial with our editor dashboard.
[0:00:18] All these different things that I was just going to sit down, completely undistracted, focused work.
[0:00:27] But what ended up happening today was that we had to recruit urgently for a campaign for one of our Fortune 500 clients.
[0:00:35] We had sent a list of creators that we spent so long recruiting and going after over the last couple of weeks,
[0:00:41] but this brand didn't like the creators.
[0:00:46] So we basically today, by the end of day today, we have to get three creators, give or take, that are ready to go.
[0:00:53] They have such a specific ask on these creators, and we don't have them currently onboarded.
[0:00:56] So we have to go recruit.
[0:00:57] Figure out how we can find these creators, and it's a lot of chaos.
[0:01:02] And so my time is getting completely stripped away to focus fully on this.
[0:01:06] I think in a way, though, it does help us hit really harsh, tough deadlines moving forward
[0:01:11] because we'll have a system flow that we can build to ensure that we can recruit at a last-minute pace schedule.
[0:01:20] So I'm just going to send a quick voice note to the team, just letting them know that, hey, I appreciate it.
[0:01:27] There's a lot going on.
[0:01:27] And just thank you guys for, like, really stepping up.
[0:01:32] Hi, Kate and Amelia.
[0:01:33] I just wanted to say I really appreciate you guys getting on this.
[0:01:36] I know it's super, super last-minute.
[0:01:38] I think at the end of the day, it's going to help us build a way better system moving forward.
[0:01:42] And as we always have been, the reason we built an entire recruiting dashboard or a recruiting project...
[0:01:50] Shit.
[0:01:51] All right. Take two.
[0:01:54] Leave this in the video.
[0:01:57] Hi, Kate and Amelia.
[0:01:59] I just want to say I really appreciate you guys getting on this, even though it's so last-minute.
[0:02:04] The reason we built a recruiting flow in the first place, and trust me, it was really bad before this,
[0:02:09] but we started working with DoorDash, and we had to recruit creators for the Miami campaign.
[0:02:14] I can't say DoorDash in the...
[0:02:17] Yeah, I didn't even notice that you said that.
[0:02:21] You could just, like, blur it. Cut it out.
[0:02:23] Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can blur it out.
[0:02:25] Hi, Amelia.
[0:02:26] Hi, Kate.
[0:02:27] I just wanted to say I really appreciate you guys getting on this, even though it's so last-minute.
[0:02:31] I think it actually will help us in the long run.
[0:02:34] When we recruited for the DoorDash Miami project, it was straight chaos.
[0:02:38] It was me, Samantha, and Blanche working on getting creators, and it was so difficult.
[0:02:43] It was so hard, but that's what allowed us to build such an awesome flow for getting creators onboarded.
[0:02:48] And even though, you know, it's hard for us to recruit really last-minute, when we have a little bit of a timeframe,
[0:02:53] we usually always get creators in on time, and, you know, they know exactly how to get onboarded.
[0:02:56] And all that fun stuff.
[0:02:58] So I just want to say I really appreciate it.
[0:03:00] I think we can totally get a few people.
[0:03:02] I'm also reaching out to people in my network.
[0:03:04] I'll see what I can do.
[0:03:05] But apart from that, let us know if you need anything.
[0:03:07] And just really, really appreciate you guys once again.
[0:03:22] Yeah, so, like, I mean, everyone glared.
[0:03:25] Everyone glamorizes being a founder and an entrepreneur.
[0:03:29] I think it's great, but, like, man, it is a lot.
[0:03:33] Like, you're constantly just on the go, on the go.
[0:03:36] And this specific project for this Fortune 500 client, it's so important because we're working on their brand side of things.
[0:03:44] And before, it was very direct response.
[0:03:47] And so working on brand might give us an opportunity to sign a long-term retainer with their brand team if we get this project right.
[0:03:54] And so it's really, really, really crucial that we get it right.
[0:03:57] And so the entire team is just scattering to figure out how we can get these creators, our account manager, our creator lead, our social lead, me, our ops assistant.
[0:04:05] And reaching out to people in my network that can really help with this has been top of mind.
[0:04:10] So today, Thursday, agenda, chaos.
[0:04:16] What's your launch chaos meal of the day?
[0:04:22] The same thing I always do.
[0:04:23] Okay.
[0:04:24] So I'm going to eat, which is, I was actually going to ask you to go get me Chipotle or, like, get me Chipotle when you got Chipotle.
[0:04:31] But I was like, I got to eat healthy.
[0:04:33] So I got five eggs, cottage cheese, and strawberries.
