# 06-02-26_C2545

[0:00:00] All right, so what does a successful young male as myself eat for lunch every day?
[0:00:13] That's a good question.
[0:00:13] I know, but I have five eggs scrambled and I have like three or four strawberries and then I mix cottage cheese in it.
[0:00:24] And everyone who hears this, it sounds disgusting, but it actually tastes really, really good.
[0:00:31] You get like the egg taste, but I think in and of itself is kind of bland and boring.
[0:00:36] Even though I season it and whatnot, I like need there to be more texture, whether it's with rice or bread.
[0:00:42] But I was like, OK, I don't want too many carbs in the afternoon or else in the evening I crash.
[0:00:47] So what I do is eggs and then a couple of strawberries, cottage cheese.
[0:00:49] And when you mix it together, you get like the cold taste of the strawberries when you want.
[0:00:53] And then you get the eggs.
[0:00:54] Obviously, the protein and cottage cheese also tastes really good with both of these things because it's good and it also has protein.
[0:01:02] So it's the meal.
[0:01:04] And today we got a couple of things on the agenda.
[0:01:09] Onboarding day number two for our new creative strategist.
[0:01:12] And I then will be doing a little bit of deep work.
[0:01:17] Website's about to go live, which I've been talking about.
[0:01:20] That'll be really exciting.
[0:01:22] Hopefully, like tomorrow or day after at the latest.
[0:01:24] This is when it's going to go live.
[0:01:26] And then me and Gray, who is behind the camera, we're going to be scripting out videos for tomorrow.
[0:01:33] That is for our short form content series.
[0:01:35] I'm trying to be a little bit more consistent while posting.
[0:01:38] I find that batch filming is actually the most optimal thing that we can do.
[0:01:41] So it's kind of the agenda for today.
