# 06-01-26_C2515

[0:00:00] All right.
[0:00:02] Just wrapped up three interviews, and none of them were good.
[0:00:08] I think as I've talked to so many people and realized just the extent of knowledge and experience that exists out there,
[0:00:20] I've been a lot more picky with what I'm looking for.
[0:00:24] Before, it was like, oh, if I interview this person, as long as they're charismatic and I want to be around them,
[0:00:33] then they'll get hired.
[0:00:34] But now it's a lot more like, do they pass the beer test?
[0:00:37] Which is, I think Steve Jobs came up with this.
[0:00:40] It's like, would I want to actually go get a beer with them?
[0:00:42] Which is very important because that's what determines culture.
[0:00:45] But second, are they A-plus players?
[0:00:48] Not just people who can get things done, but are they the best at what they do?
[0:00:53] And I think now my philosophy has changed.
[0:00:55] I might interview 15 more people if I need to.
[0:00:58] Before, I remember I had this really bad story of when we were hiring for our first account manager at Trendify.
[0:01:05] I brought on this girl, and she was the first person that I interviewed.
[0:01:09] And we offered her the job, and within a week, we realized really quickly that she wasn't a fit.
[0:01:15] We only did two interviews, and I just got carried away with her charisma and kind of her talking.
[0:01:21] But we didn't spend much time.
[0:01:23] We ended up going through a skill interview.
[0:01:25] We didn't spend much time ensuring that she would actually be a fit culturally.
[0:01:28] And we got burned, and it was just a terrible, terrible experience.
[0:01:31] And so I kind of learned the hard way that now when we interview, we want to get the best of the best.
[0:01:38] And so that's kind of how my philosophy has changed.
[0:01:40] So I'm just going to have to be taking more of these calls and see how things progress.
[0:01:47] I've got to go take this.
