# 06-01-26_C2538

[0:00:00] So we hired a creator lead. It's been about a month since she's been onboarded. Her entire job is to ensure that creators have a great experience. Onboard creators take note of performance status and reports, all of those things.
[0:00:15] And she reached out a couple days ago saying that she was really overwhelmed. So we have everyone on our team submit end of day reports. And the last question we ask is on a scale of one to 10, how was your day? And then right below it, it's like reason for the rating. And typically across the board, it's always 10s unless someone has a really hard day and she put a five out of 10. And so I was like, what, what happened? And she explained the context that she's felt really overwhelmed with some of the systems that we have in place.
[0:00:41] And the problem that I had made, which I'm now grateful for catching,
[0:00:45] is we implemented a system that we didn't necessarily train her and walk her through. We just expected her to do it. And it was really bad because she had no idea how to do it. We kind of just expected her to figure it out. And so one of her core philosophies is like, we one, document the system in an SOP that's very clear, which we did. But the problem was that it wasn't completely step by step. There were some ambiguity, which we just expected her to handle. And the next thing is we do the task or like I do the task.
[0:01:15] Well,
[0:01:15] she can do it.
[0:01:15] 
[0:01:15] 
[0:01:15] 
[0:01:15] 
[0:01:15] 
[0:01:15] 
[0:01:15] 
[0:01:15] 
[0:01:15] 
[0:01:15] 
[0:01:15] 
[0:01:15] shadows and then she does the task while I am there to answer questions and then
[0:01:19] she's off her own and we skipped the last three steps of that which was not
[0:01:24] good and so I have a call with her to walk her through exactly how she's
[0:01:28] supposed to do it to hopefully you know ease the nerves and overall just a
[0:01:31] really good learning lesson for me so that's what I'm about to hot to now.
