# 06-09-26_C2655

[0:00:00] Just like pretend I'm talking to you.
[0:00:01] Yeah, pretty much.
[0:00:04] Dude, I get stressed when I don't move the business forward every single day in any small capacity.
[0:00:11] Like today, I got zero deep work done.
[0:00:15] It was just calls and something personal that I had to take care of.
[0:00:18] And it's just like, oh, it's frustrating, man.
[0:00:22] Like I hate tying my sense of worth to like productivity.
[0:00:27] But at the same time, I have crappy days when I'm not productive in business.
[0:00:32] That's how I feel right now.
[0:00:33] Like I have to do something by the end of the day that significantly makes a change or moves something forward in the business.
[0:00:41] And it doesn't help that we have like eight different systems that are in the process of being built that haven't gotten built yet.
[0:00:48] And we have to organize calls and understand context between so many people.
[0:00:52] And, oh, dude, like it's a lot.
[0:00:54] And I hope I'm not complaining.
[0:00:56] Well, I'm totally complaining.
[0:00:57] But, yeah, anyways, this is where my mind's at right now.
[0:01:00] And since I didn't move something forward in the business that either helps someone do something or makes the business more money or retains clients or builds better operations or finance, I get worked up.
[0:01:14] And that's this feeling that I have right now.
[0:01:18] Yeah, it's really interesting.
[0:01:21] And like, I don't know, I think it started with my morning if I'm like reflecting.
[0:01:26] Actually.
[0:01:27] It started with last night.
[0:01:28] I stayed up late watching the Knicks game.
[0:01:30] And I think my adrenaline rushed a little too much.
[0:01:32] And I got really pissed off that we didn't win.
[0:01:35] And that kind of reflected into the rest of the night.
[0:01:37] And I didn't follow my nightly routine, which is stretching and journaling and really calming my nervous system down.
[0:01:45] So then when I woke up, I was just like stressed out from the get go.
[0:01:49] And I woke up a little bit late because I slept late.
[0:01:52] I had breakfast late.
[0:01:53] I didn't eat lunch on time.
[0:01:54] I didn't do any deep work in the morning.
[0:01:56] I was just consumed with something.
[0:01:57] I was just consumed with something else that my personal life that took up my head space.
[0:02:00] And yeah, like it was it's it's been it's been an interesting day.
[0:02:04] But, you know, I think I learned I hopefully am continuing to learn these lessons to where tomorrow I just hit back and I'm like back in action and definitely moving the needle forward in some some capacity today is the goal.
[0:02:19] Yeah.
