# 06-06-26_C2614

[0:00:00] It is Monday already. Exciting week ahead in terms of work. I was able to really sit down yesterday and think about what I wanted to accomplish by the end of the week.
[0:00:15] Pretty straightforward priorities for this week. One, we're going to go live with our website, also go live with ads, which will be really exciting.
[0:00:23] Also very nerve-wracking at the same time and curious to see how that will actually unfold.
[0:00:27] Two, we are building an editor workflow that we're hopefully going to go live with this week to improve results across the board for all of our clients.
[0:00:36] Historically, our creators have been responsible for editing. We're now going to get editors in place so creators can do what they're best at, which is creating content.
[0:00:42] Editors do what they're best at, which is editing videos.
[0:00:46] And then we're going to be having our creator roster completely revamped and build a better creator recruiting system, as well as some capacity trackers that we're building internally.
[0:00:56] So, yeah.
[0:00:57] Just to know how it's called a utilization dashboard.
[0:01:03] So we know who on the team is being fully utilized, when we need to go hire another team member, just things of that nature.
[0:01:09] So we're very informed and up-to-date.
[0:01:11] So those are priorities for the week.
[0:01:12] And, yeah, I'm excited to just really hone in this week.
[0:01:16] I don't have nearly as many calls as I did last week, so I get to focus more on moving the needle forward in the business.
