# 06-10-26_C2656

[0:00:00] All right, so I am in the process of building an incredible system that will probably save us so much time moving forward.
[0:00:11] So I had kind of like this epiphany last night, and it was that every single stress in my life, at least currently, can be solved with a system.
[0:00:19] And this is what we focused on for a large part of building Trendify, which is building systems that repeat so that we're not, you know, just constantly stressing and having nothing documented.
[0:00:34] But for whatever reason, I kind of lost sight of that over the last, I want to say like two weeks.
[0:00:38] And it hit me that like everything that I'm stressed about can be built with a better system.
[0:00:43] And so what I'm writing out right now is just pathways for how all of this is going to work.
[0:00:48] And I'm presenting it.
[0:00:49] It's a team at 12.
[0:00:51] And the goal for me is to just keep spending my deep work time building systems so that way creativity can operate within it.
[0:00:59] So it's like you have the creativity, which I think I'm very creative.
[0:01:03] And then you have the structure, which I don't think I'm as structured.
[0:01:07] But when I build a structure for myself, my creativity can operate without being stressed.
[0:01:12] And that's like what makes for the greatest ideas.
[0:01:14] And it was like this cool, cool thing that I like built.
[0:01:17] And yeah, I'm excited to start using it now.
[0:01:19] Thanks.
[0:01:21] Yeah.
